# E- Brgy Health Center Management System

Barangay Health Center is community-based and the goal is to offer first aid, maternal and child health care, and other basic health services to all the constituents of the barangay. It is where the initial planning and implementation of projects and undertakings in the community takes place but ironically, it has the least amount of available information that serves as baseline for planning and policy implementation. This study focused on E- Brgy. Health Center Management System which design and develop systems that will track, report and give real-time update and monitoring of patients' incoming schedules. It will allow interactions and collaborations among patients and personnel of Brgy. Health Centers. It will also help track reports and give time monitoring of patients. The portal serves as a marketing arm of Brgy. Health Center. Based on the Jurors evaluation, the system developed by the researchers showed that it is well-functioning, feasible, adaptable, and very user friendly. The result showed that reliability, efficiency, usability, understandability, appropriateness of feedback to user, navigation, organization, correctness, and integrity of the system were rank 5 which entailed positive feedback from the respondents. The researchers concluded that the system accomplished the objectives of E-Brgy. Health Center Management System. It is then recommended to improve the system by adding complexity of queueing system, other relevant features and emphasizing of report generation.
